Thank you so much
for your visit.
See you later,
Sister Elsa.
Mom,
is Elsa going to die?
Ah, we don’t know yet.
Can’t Jehovah just fix her?
Oh, honey.
Oh.
He’s already done
something to help her.
Do you remember
who he sent?
Jesus?
But how does
that help her now?
Hmm,
do you remember how long
Adam was supposed to live?
Forever!
But then
he didn’t listen to Jehovah
and ruined everything.
Since we are
all Adam’s children,
that means
we also get sick, old,
and eventually die.
But what hope
did Jehovah give us?
He sent Jesus
to give his life
in place of the one
that Adam lost.
How could he do that?
Because he
was perfect like Adam,
but he obeyed Jehovah!
Yes!
Thanks to Jehovah
for giving us Jesus
as the ransom.
Now we all have the hope
of living forever in Paradise!
And when we are going
through tough times,
like right now,
that hope can get us through.
Elsa?
Sister Elsa!